morning that's probably one of the best
ones I've done in ages
have you noticed actually since I've
stopped shouting as a coach and I use a
whistle so make the guys do their
running my voice isn't going as badly as
it used to which is brilliant and so
it's a good morning no gym this morning
again because obviously I'm resting for
the next three weeks or something and
this chap here he's in doing a voiceover
hello so so we decided but that as he's
in it's a rule in fact it's a law that
whenever you're working with a person
called John and it's spelled - Jo n you
must go through cinema Marseille so
that's exactly what we're doing as well
I was turn the video the clock where you
can see it but I'm officially taking my
lunch a possibly the latest time I have
ever taken my lunch break at five
o'clock I finished work in half an hour
so there's not really a lot of point on
which break other than I'm absolutely
freaking famished off towards rack we go
there nice don't do some coaching and
I'm gonna get the guys to do what's
called a snake session and I think some
of you call them is it running Indians
and awesome fly that way one man in the
back has to run past everybody else and
get to the front of the queue and then
control the pace for a certain amount of
time so that's what those the guys could
be doing tonight and they're gonna be
doing it continuously for about an hour
so I'm I'm hoping to see one or two
people dead on the track after I
literally just yeah literally just
throwing up a lot and stuff so that's
the plan for tonight and then I'm gonna
get home and I'm gonna have a chat with
you if I remember all about daily motion
which is the one of the other video
websites are available in the world of a
moment and quite frankly one of the
video websites face doing a hell of a
lot better job than YouTube I kid you
not
and I'll speech in a bit that was
brilliant
they worked so hard it was unreal and
they had to run for about 25 minutes in
the end and and when neck there's one
not in the group and I won't name names
but he is part of the group and everyone
knows that he doesn't always go hell for
leather and even he said I was naked at
the end of it sighs brilliant absolutely
awesome great last track session before
we go for Christmas so now I'm going to
head home and I'll talk to you about
daily motion in a second so then the
other day I was reading an article and
tweeted by a friend of mine notes who
was basically tweeting about an article
that was people talking about different
ways of using video sharing websites and
the fact that YouTube is doing what it's
doing at the moment and people that may
be going to use other websites to post
their videos on because they're sick and
tired of all the changes and those
changes not working my phone's ringing
right well have to be quick because I'm
going out shopping but basically and one
of the websites that has suggested
people maybe take a look at and to find
out was dailymotion so I've been onto
dailymotion calm my purse at a video
today it's a little bit of tester
without even mentioning that it existed
and it already has nearly as many views
today in the space of about 4 hours as
my video over 24 hours gone which is
just ridiculous and it's all because
they've got things on there that YouTube
used to have but they're still working
things like tags you know you put your
tags on your videos now they don't make
any bloody difference you could type in
bone fiddle farts and still nobody would
be able to see them so because they just
don't work like they used to as tags
because people can't search for them so
they do no good but on dailymotion they
still have them so I put in first vlog
on dailymotion people typing looking for
people for who've done her first vlog
and it's there and they pick it up
straight away whether it's in your tags
or when you cite for YouTube Getty saw
it just I'm not bothered about Vallejo
you know what the layoffs are too bad I
can live with it but just play back in
the features that actually make a
difference when you've watched a video
make sure it's deleted when your pony
tags make sure the tags make a bloody
difference rather than absolutely no
difference whatsoever when people search
for you make sure that they're brought
up
wouldn't they you people sub to you make
sure your video actually ends up in
their sub boxes rather than at the
bottom of a feed where they will never
ever see you so your video gets lost in
a massive great big hue and you end up
going from like I used to with 600
subscale about 200 maybe 220 views a
video down to one game now about 30 on
views a video and they've got more
subscriptions that just doesn't work
it's ridiculous get it sorted right runt
over going shopping
zuzana has hidden my cake okay I have a
really freezing cold time at his college
okay I can literally turn around and be
from cold
there's my cake uu cake faith you well
it's time for bed but as usual before I
go I'm gonna read through a few of your
messages for today's vlog Marsh donkey
says 639 he was checking out mister chef
on our new toy from Sasha and John and
he says he's mister chefs got quite a
chopper many agreed mr. mark UK says
it's only two weeks to go until the end
of the year what would you like to do
next year
I don't know I really want you just be
happy successful maybe try and get a bit
of our wedding planned as well we've got
a lot to plan and we kind of know what
we're gonna do and we know we're gonna
have it and all that kind of thing but
we need to start plowing into it there's
a lot of paperwork I've got to do so I
can get married in Slovakia and
parmigiana says don't forget the
Christmas vacation which yeah the
Griswolds Christmas vacation was in
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation
days a brilliant film especially when
he's turning on and off the lights and
he can't get lights to go on and off
because he's not turn the power on
breathe and let's do one more
Yvette Sharpe said I'll do two if
actually app says i love chocolate mint
good choice and wondering does says
after a cheesecake question mark it was
really nice and did I ever think I would
get excited by a utensil rack when I was
a kid no right it's time for bed but at
least it is for me I'm feeling all
so I'm gonna say May night sleep tight
darlin Babic spike and I will see you
guys bright and early tomorrow morning
Tuesday but no Jim still no Jim no
training I'm just good to sit and get
fat every single day just like jfh bursa
that couldn't do yesterday
have a good'n bye didn't we say it was
warm it was nice it was lovely and now
is absolutely pissing it down it where
does this come from it I hope you came
from go away back to that place please
what this is where I've never been
before and this is lovely